Re-modularize the Monitoring Hosts section (#2555)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_synchronize-red-hat-insights-recommendations-for-hosts.adoc

[id="synchronize-red-hat-insights-recommendations-for-hosts_{context}"]

> = Synchronize Red{nbsp}Hat Insights Recommendations for Hosts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configuring Automatic Synchronization of Insights Recommendations for Hosts
```

Author: Got swapped between `ref` and `proc` while using the verb in gerundium. :smile: 
Thank you.
